Add a varint size prefix to the content item send over uTP (#383)
ethereum/portal-network-specs: portal-wire-protocol.md

ssz-type = List[ByteList[2048], 32]
```

> ##### Content encoding for uTP transfer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Length prefixing for utp transfers
```

Reviewer 2: The acronym for uTP is uTP as in `uTorrent Transport Protocol`

Reviewer: updated.

In the case that the content item is send over uTP, it MUST be prefixed with a variable length unsigned integer (varint). The varint MUST hold the size, in bytes, of the consecutive content item.

The varint encoding used is Unsigned LEB128.
The maximum size allowed for this application is limited to `uint32`.

> The content item itself MUST be encoded as is defined for each specific network and content type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The encoding of the content itself is specified by the content type being transferred.
```

Removing the MUST here feels like it might make this a little bit clearer.

The encoded data of the content item to be send over the stream can be formalized as:

```py

> encoded_data = varint(len(content)) + content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
utp_payload = varint(len(content)) + content
```
